Ah ah
Ah ah ah ah
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Are you saying that you have been trying to harm me behind my back this New Year?
It's my second kiss. I guess so.
Otherwise, he will tell you all the news about your accidents over the years
What is your first time at the end of life?
It reminds me every day of how many times you almost succeeded in killing me. What did your cousin put in there?
It's okay, it's not like you don't know
If something happens to you and your family member is taken away, who will be there?
Where are you going? This is looking for grandpa.
The handle will be in the gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray grey.
Let everyone see
Cap reduction in that game
What do you say about looking at the sea?
Just that little bit of evidence
I can't move him
If he insists
Talk about those hat reductions
It's just that he cares about things
Want to find out what's behind it
Is there anyone you want to kill?
We also blame him for not saying anything.
That's his thing
I had guessed it a long time ago
Monitor others for questioning
Wait until we reduce the cap
It should have been dealt with long ago
As long as you know
No matter what happens in the future
Never worry about reading
we are husband and wife
Fight together if something happens
Do you know?
In broad daylight
You need to rely on your husband
I've thought of a way, maybe
Show them obediently
What can be done
Let's get a divorce, right?